So we've got the right shape.
Now we definitely don't have it lining up
here exactly right with the other boxes.
That's okay.
We'll get there in a moment.
We just have to get all
the rest of the boxes in place.
So, now that you get a sense of what's
going on here and how this goes,
don't worry again about exactly lining
these boxes up with the painting.
We will get there momentarily,
but right now what I'd like for
you to do is to take,
let's say five minutes, and
I'd like you to go, grid dash row,
and grid dash column,
for the rest of d, e and f, d, e, f and g.
All four of those,
see if you can spell out the grid row and
the grid column values.
And again, it's not gonna line up
perfectly, but we'll get there.
So specifically I'm going to tell you
whether I want the row or the column and
for what letter, that we won't have
any confusion mixing up columns and
rows and such.
So let's start with letter d.
What was your answer for grid row?
>> 3 slash 5.
>> 3 slash 5, absolutely right.
So remember that we have little f and
little g over here on the end.
And so we're going to have
to span across some rows.
How about grid column for letter d?
>> 1 slash 2.
1 slash 2, exactly right.
That's gonna line up
right underneath a and b.
So there we go, perfect.
All right, how about letter e,
the row for letter e?
>> 3 slash 5.
>> 3 slash 5,
absolutely right again, because it's
gonna look exactly the same as Letter d.
And check that out, f and g have already
all lined up exactly as we want, but
we'll fill out the rest
of our numbers anyway.
So the grid column for letter e is
going to be something like 2 slash 3.
And then when we get to f and
g, for letter f,
we're gonna have 3 slash 4 for a row.
Our column is gonna be 3 slash 4.
And for letter g,
our row is gonna be 4 slash 5 and
our column is gonna be 3 slash 4.
So you won't see the actual layout change,
this is another aspect of grid.
So grid tries to guess what it is that
you want to do with this particular page.
And so we have been very deliberate
about spelling out all of the values for
our rows and columns, but
we don't necessarily need to do that.
And as you'll see going forward,
we'll start to drop out some of these
properties, these extra properties
that aren't strictly needed here,
but this is good practice too.
Think about those lines and do all of the
counting and come up with the answers that
you're looking for here for
these complex layouts.